# Workflow

1. Fork the repository for the weekly assignment.
1. Save the repository to your own account.
1. Check the directions in the README file.
1. Modify your code according to the directions.
1. Make sure all of your code is committed.
1. Push/sync up to GitHub.
1. [Create a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request) on the original repository. All assignments are due one week from when they are assigned, unless otherwise specified.
1. You can continue to push fixes and improvements until the close date (listed in Classes) – just add a comment in the pull request to let me know it's been updated.

1\. Integer Expression Calculation

Using the AddTwo program from Section 3.2 as a reference, write a
program that calculates the following expression, using registers:

A = (A + B) − (C + D).

Assign integer values to the EAX, EBX, ECX, and EDX registers.

2\. Symbolic Integer Constants

Write a program that deﬁnes symbolic constants for all seven days of the
week. Create an array variable that uses the symbols as initializers.

3\. Listing File for AddTwoSum

Generate a listing ﬁle for the AddTwoSum program.
>Tip: To tell Visual Studio to generate a listing ﬁle, do the following when a project is open:
>Select *Properties* from the Project menu. Under *Conﬁguration Properties*, select *Microsoft
>Macro Assembler*. Then select *Listing File*. In the dialog window, set *Generate Preprocessed
>Source Listing* to Yes, and set *List All Available Information* to Yes.

4\. AddVariables Program

Modify the AddVariables program so it uses 64-bit variables. Describe
the syntax errors generated by the assembler and what steps you took to
resolve the errors.
